# U1.W2: Thinking About Time Reflection

* What is your biggest time management challenge with during Phase 0? 
* How will you combat that? 
* What techniques will you try?
* What is your overall plan for Phase 0?

I originally was planning to start Phase 1 on July 14th, but I was unable to balance my work, life, and prep to successfully complete Phase 0. As a result, I requested a deferment and to begin Phase 0, again. Before I had started Phase 0 for my second time, I quit my full-time job and moved back to CA with my mom. Currently, my biggest time management challenge is that I am lacking any real structure during my daily routine, which has allowed me to put some of my work off to a later date. This ends up hurting me because instead of spreading my work over many days or many chunks of time, I am required to finish my work over large chunks of time over fewer days. The techniques I am going to try are time boxing and also creating habits. I need to set certain times for when I should be doing prep work and when I’m off. For the rest of Phase 0, I’d like to get in the routine of waking up at a certain time everyday. After I’m ready for the day, I’d like to spend a certain amount of hours working on my prep work for the week and then break for an hour or two for lunch or errands or anything other than prep work. Afterwards, I’d like to go back to working on prep work. A few variables I still need to figure out is how much time should I commit to my chunks of time I spend on exercises and whether or not I should set a goal in how much work I’d like to finish for the day. I think this will greatly help with my overall plan in completing Phase 0. 